Fixing automatic soucemap upload script (#422)
Instabug/Instabug-React-Native: CHANGELOG.md

## master

> * Fixes automatic upload soucemap files failing to find the correct token in some cases

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixes the automatic uploading of the source map files in some cases due to incorrect regex.
```
